README.md, before:

# Code Alongs With Kylie Ying

I found a video on [freeCodeCamp.org][def] where an obviously very smart human named [Kylie Ying][def2] invites we, the viewer, to code along with her through [12 Python Projects][def3]. I'm starting this at just after 7 p.m. on Wednesday, August 09, 2023. I've walked in the sun, had lunch and dinner, and I coded along with Tech With Tim earlier in the day, so we'll see how long I can last with this before my brain needs a break. <br>
![Alt text](<Screen Shot 2023-08-09 at 7.09.53 PM.png>) <br>

That was really fun, and Kylie explained three different ways one could concatenate strings to produce a madlib. We worked with f-string literals to produce this one. <br>

![Alt text][def4] <br>
![Alt text][def5] <br>

I'll be back to work more on this video later, as I've just been granted access to the IBM data science course I was accepted to last month. Kylie seems to be a natural teacher, so I'm excited to keep learning from her. She injects some quirky humor into the lessons, too, which makes things more fun.

[def]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/
[def2]: https://www.youtube.com/@KylieYYing
[def3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ext9G7xspg&t=1470s
[def4]: <Screen Shot 2023-08-09 at 8.27.59 PM.png>
[def5]: <Screen Shot 2023-08-09 at 8.28.17 PM.png>

I'm back at it on August 10, 2023, starting at about 8:10 p.m., coding along with Kylie. She just guided us through a number guessing program. <br>
![Alt text](<Screen Shot 2023-08-10 at 8.30.50 PM.png>)
![Alt text](<Screen Shot 2023-08-10 at 8.30.50 PM-1.png>)

Commit message:

complete project 3 which was the game where the computer guesses the number

README.md, after:

# Code Alongs With Kylie Ying

I found a video on [freeCodeCamp.org][def] where an obviously very smart human named [Kylie Ying][def2] invites we, the viewer, to code along with her through [12 Python Projects][def3]. I'm starting this at just after 7 p.m. on Wednesday, August 09, 2023. I've walked in the sun, had lunch and dinner, and I coded along with Tech With Tim earlier in the day, so we'll see how long I can last with this before my brain needs a break. <br>
![Alt text](<Screen Shot 2023-08-09 at 7.09.53 PM.png>) <br>

That was really fun, and Kylie explained three different ways one could concatenate strings to produce a madlib. We worked with f-string literals to produce this one. <br>

![Alt text][def4] <br>
![Alt text][def5] <br>

I'll be back to work more on this video later, as I've just been granted access to the IBM data science course I was accepted to last month. Kylie seems to be a natural teacher, so I'm excited to keep learning from her. She injects some quirky humor into the lessons, too, which makes things more fun.

[def]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/
[def2]: https://www.youtube.com/@KylieYYing
[def3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ext9G7xspg&t=1470s
[def4]: <Screen Shot 2023-08-09 at 8.27.59 PM.png>
[def5]: <Screen Shot 2023-08-09 at 8.28.17 PM.png>

I'm back at it on August 10, 2023, starting at about 8:10 p.m., coding along with Kylie. She just guided us through a number guessing program. <br>
![Alt text](<Screen Shot 2023-08-10 at 8.30.50 PM.png>) <br>
![Alt text](<Screen Shot 2023-08-10 at 8.30.39 PM.png>) <br>

And at 8:54, I'm finished coding along to complete a number guessing game where I pick a number and the computer narrows it down until it guesses correctly. These two number guessing games furter cured a few key concepts for me. <br>
![Alt text](<Screen Shot 2023-08-10 at 8.52.33 PM.png>) <br>
![Alt text](<Screen Shot 2023-08-10 at 8.52.42 PM.png>) <br>
